README.md, before:

# Real-Twin

**(Feel free to revise the document to enhance the accuracy and readability)**

The real-twin developed by ORNL Applied Research and Mobility System (ARMS) group that enables the simulation of twin-structured cities.

## Change Log

**Change Log section will eventually be moved to CHANGLOG.md (currently maintained in README.md for development).**

### 2025-02-27

#### Discussion

* Input files are mixing of xlsx, csv files. We need to choose either xlsx or csv to make inputs uniform

![1740676525987](image/README/1740676525987.png)

* The generated SUMO network failed during the calibration process.
* Decide whether to create public or private real-twin repositories on GitHub.
* Achieve 60% integration of the calibration section.

#### TODO

    Continueous integration contineous delivery

### 2025-01-24

* realtwin package enables Abstrace Scenario, Concrete Scenario, and Simulation generation using SUMO
* code checking and updates to score of 9.5+ / 10
* updated test functions
* update gitignore file to ignore .tif files as .tif files are too large (100MB+)
* update tutorial_dev to make clear explanation for both user and internal developers
* update requirements to enable simulation
* update configuration file to auto load  and fill missing data from loading

  ![1737750085833](image/README/1737750085833.png)

#### TODO

* Explore calibration codes for sumo

### 2025-01-03

* add several test functions: find executable, download file, simulation environment ect...
* get familiar with existing framework, eg. scenariogeneration, utdf singal conversion from Guanhao's code ect...

#### TODO

* need more time to get familar with the currently framework - current SOW, time plan, develiverables ect...

### 2024-12-31

* add func: sumo version check from all existing exectuables
* add func: enable strick sumo version check: if not installed, will install the specific version of sumo
* add func: download large single file from web with security check and process checking
* add func: find executable from system path
* add func: find executable from selected directory
* fmt: format print out message for better progress representation

  ![1735680355875](image/README/1735680355875.png)

#### TODO

* get familiar with input loads (request access to shared local testing files)
* get familiar with existing visualizations (coordinate with group members and request access to their local files)

### 2024-12-30

* add tutorial_dev.md file for user & developer reference
* add test functions for the input_dir, output_dir ect...
  figure

#### TODO

* check sumo version if sumo pre-installed on user's device
* get familiar with input loads (request access to shared local testing files)
* get familiar with existing visualizations (coordinate with group members and request access to their local files)

### 2024-12-27

* add .pylintrc file for project-wide coding control
* refactored code to reach production-level
* test the current functionalities: including create venv, delete venv, check SUMO and install SUMO
* tutorial_dev.py

  ![1735336343305](image/README/1735336343305.png)

#### TODO:

* Discussion the repository license: MIT, Apache, BSD etc..., as we are writing code, we need copyright licence text as Docstring at the top of each file created.
* Add test functions perform object safety check

### 2024-12-26

* enable pylint for checking / evaluating coding for GitHub Action
* add code evaluation fuction (local checking) to perform code checking and evaluation (navigate to tests folder: pylint_proj_code_checker.py)
* update requirements.txt
* add official copyright for each document for the requirement of software development under ORNL
* add test functions

#### TODO:

* discuss the repository license: MIT, Apache, BSD etc..., as we are writing code, we need copyright licence text as Docstring at the top of each file created.
* add more test functions perform object safety check

### 2024-12-23

* re-design the realtwin development framework
* re-design the overall package framework
* add utility functions: is_sumo_installed
* add utility functions: venv_create, venv_delete
* add func_lib in install_simulator: install_sumo_windows
* add test function: test_is_sumo_installed
* ![1734989040637](image/README/1734989040637.png)

#### TODO:

* Test the overall functionalities

Commit message:

add kwargs in abstract scenario generation

README.md, after:

# Real-Twin

**(Feel free to revise the document to enhance the accuracy and readability)**

The real-twin developed by ORNL Applied Research and Mobility System (ARMS) group that enables the simulation of twin-structured cities.

## Change Log

**Change Log section will eventually be moved to CHANGLOG.md (currently maintained in README.md for development).**

### 2025-02-28

#### Open Discussion

1. Calibration section, the current implementation is:
   Step 1: optimize Turn and Inflow, based on the optimized results(net, turn, flow, EdgeData, ect...)

   Step 2: perform Behavior optimization to generate results

   My question is: how can we make sure that we obtained the best reslution? Will step 2 change best results from step 1?

   As this is multi-objective optimization problem, if it's possible to perform turn and inflow optimization as objective 1, behavior optimization as objective 2 and optimize best results then?
2. Calibration fail on generated netwrokOne issue is that the generated network (abstract -> concreate -> simulation generation)  failed in calibration (I noticed that calibration section requires modified data and the generated network, such as chatt.net.xml, could not run in current stage). The generated network does not have additional files such as turn.xlsm, flow.xlsm, summary.csv ect...

   In this regard, we have to separate between part 1: (abstract -> concrete -> simulation preparation) and part 2: Calibration section.  Current implementation(TODO):  We can generate the network from part 2, but on part 2, we will use default data (not generated network) to calibrate results.  Any feedback?

Calibration integrated into realtwin package![1740770056567](image/README/1740770056567.png)

#### TODO

refactor codes

clean up unnecessary inputs / configs

### 2025-02-27

#### Discussion

* Input files are mixing of xlsx, csv files. We need to choose either xlsx or csv to make inputs uniform

![1740676525987](image/README/1740676525987.png)

* The generated SUMO network failed during the calibration process.
* Decide whether to create public or private real-twin repositories on GitHub.
* Achieve 60% integration of the calibration section.

#### TODO

    Continueous integration contineous delivery

### 2025-01-24

* realtwin package enables Abstrace Scenario, Concrete Scenario, and Simulation generation using SUMO
* code checking and updates to score of 9.5+ / 10
* updated test functions
* update gitignore file to ignore .tif files as .tif files are too large (100MB+)
* update tutorial_dev to make clear explanation for both user and internal developers
* update requirements to enable simulation
* update configuration file to auto load  and fill missing data from loading

  ![1737750085833](image/README/1737750085833.png)

#### TODO

* Explore calibration codes for sumo

### 2025-01-03

* add several test functions: find executable, download file, simulation environment ect...
* get familiar with existing framework, eg. scenariogeneration, utdf singal conversion from Guanhao's code ect...

#### TODO

* need more time to get familar with the currently framework - current SOW, time plan, develiverables ect...

### 2024-12-31

* add func: sumo version check from all existing exectuables
* add func: enable strick sumo version check: if not installed, will install the specific version of sumo
* add func: download large single file from web with security check and process checking
* add func: find executable from system path
* add func: find executable from selected directory
* fmt: format print out message for better progress representation

  ![1735680355875](image/README/1735680355875.png)

#### TODO

* get familiar with input loads (request access to shared local testing files)
* get familiar with existing visualizations (coordinate with group members and request access to their local files)

### 2024-12-30

* add tutorial_dev.md file for user & developer reference
* add test functions for the input_dir, output_dir ect...
  figure

#### TODO

* check sumo version if sumo pre-installed on user's device
* get familiar with input loads (request access to shared local testing files)
* get familiar with existing visualizations (coordinate with group members and request access to their local files)

### 2024-12-27

* add .pylintrc file for project-wide coding control
* refactored code to reach production-level
* test the current functionalities: including create venv, delete venv, check SUMO and install SUMO
* tutorial_dev.py

  ![1735336343305](image/README/1735336343305.png)

#### TODO:

* Discussion the repository license: MIT, Apache, BSD etc..., as we are writing code, we need copyright licence text as Docstring at the top of each file created.
* Add test functions perform object safety check

### 2024-12-26

* enable pylint for checking / evaluating coding for GitHub Action
* add code evaluation fuction (local checking) to perform code checking and evaluation (navigate to tests folder: pylint_proj_code_checker.py)
* update requirements.txt
* add official copyright for each document for the requirement of software development under ORNL
* add test functions

#### TODO:

* discuss the repository license: MIT, Apache, BSD etc..., as we are writing code, we need copyright licence text as Docstring at the top of each file created.
* add more test functions perform object safety check

### 2024-12-23

* re-design the realtwin development framework
* re-design the overall package framework
* add utility functions: is_sumo_installed
* add utility functions: venv_create, venv_delete
* add func_lib in install_simulator: install_sumo_windows
* add test function: test_is_sumo_installed
* ![1734989040637](image/README/1734989040637.png)

#### TODO:

* Test the overall functionalities
